Player information.
player name user1
player position x 1
player position y 1
player APpool 0
player hp 100
player bd 10
player enemiesDefeated 0
player STR 5
player INT 5
player CON 5
player SPD 5
player food 0
player smPot 0
player lgPot 0
player lastRestArea x 1
player lastRestArea y 1
End of Player information

Map information
map size 6

Area 1 Information
area position x 1
area position y 1
area playerInArea true
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 2 Information
area position x 1
area position y 2
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 3 Information
area position x 1
area position y 3
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 4 Information
area position x 1
area position y 4
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 5 Information
area position x 1
area position y 5
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 6 Information
area position x 1
area position y 6
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 7 Information
area position x 2
area position y 1
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 8 Information
area position x 2
area position y 2
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable true
area areaConsumable Large Potion
area isRestArea false

Area 9 Information
area position x 2
area position y 3
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable true
area areaConsumable Food
area isRestArea false

Area 10 Information
area position x 2
area position y 4
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 11 Information
area position x 2
area position y 5
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 12 Information
area position x 2
area position y 6
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 13 Information
area position x 3
area position y 1
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea true

Area 14 Information
area position x 3
area position y 2
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 15 Information
area position x 3
area position y 3
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea true
area areaEnemy Emu
area areaConsumable true
area areaConsumable Food
area isRestArea false

Area 16 Information
area position x 3
area position y 4
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea true
area areaEnemy God's Chosen
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 17 Information
area position x 3
area position y 5
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 18 Information
area position x 3
area position y 6
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 19 Information
area position x 4
area position y 1
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 20 Information
area position x 4
area position y 2
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 21 Information
area position x 4
area position y 3
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 22 Information
area position x 4
area position y 4
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea true
area areaEnemy Emu
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 23 Information
area position x 4
area position y 5
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea true
area areaEnemy Canid
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 24 Information
area position x 4
area position y 6
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea true
area areaEnemy Cappa
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 25 Information
area position x 5
area position y 1
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 26 Information
area position x 5
area position y 2
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable true
area areaConsumable Small Potion
area isRestArea false

Area 27 Information
area position x 5
area position y 3
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 28 Information
area position x 5
area position y 4
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea true
area areaEnemy Neko
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 29 Information
area position x 5
area position y 5
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 30 Information
area position x 5
area position y 6
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea true

Area 31 Information
area position x 6
area position y 1
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable true
area areaConsumable Large Potion
area isRestArea false

Area 32 Information
area position x 6
area position y 2
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 33 Information
area position x 6
area position y 3
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea false
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 34 Information
area position x 6
area position y 4
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea true
area areaEnemy Emu
area areaConsumable true
area areaConsumable Small Potion
area isRestArea false

Area 35 Information
area position x 6
area position y 5
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea true
area areaEnemy Emu
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

Area 36 Information
area position x 6
area position y 6
area playerInArea false
area enemyInArea true
area areaEnemy Ursa
area areaConsumable false
area isRestArea false

End of Map information.